README.md, before:

# Dotfiles (and more) provisioned by ansible

If you know what dotfiles are and what ansible is, you should pretty much
understand what this repository does.   But if that is not the case:

> This repository provides a one-command way to setup and configure to your
> liking a brand new machine.

To be more specific: this repo allows to configure a machine the way _I_ like
it.  Unless you happen to have exactly the same tastes and preferences that I
do, you _will_ need to create your own ansible roles / tweak mines.


## What it does

Since I use Fedora as a workstation and the servers I need to work on are
CentOS, this ansible playbooks relies heavily on RPM's.

Currently there are two playbooks: **server** and **workstation**.  _Server_
only set console environment, and preferences / plugins for CLI commands;
_workstation_ is almost a superset of _server_ and install a number of software
for the Gnome3 shell as well.


## Dependencies

Apart from having ansible installed on the machine you run this playbooks from,
and your user being a sudoer on the target machine... none.


## Available roles

I wrote this as the first file of the repository, and I am checking roles as
the work progresses...

###General:

- [X] **ansible-runner**: make sure sshpass is installed
- [ ] **ansible-target**: make sure python binding for selinux are installed
- [ ] **remote**: set up SSH to work without requiring a password
- [ ] **colemak-user**: set the colemak as default layout for the user
- [ ] **colemak-host**: set colemak as the default layout for the machine
- [ ] **zsh**: install and set up ZSH as the default shell for user
- [ ] **antigen**: install antigen and the preference files
- [ ] **vim**: vim settings, plugins, etc...
- [ ] **git**: git settings, plugins, etc...
- [X] **ansible-util**: small ansible utils

###Workstation-specific:

- [ ] **fusion**: install the fusion repo
- [ ] **boxes-util**: install a small utility for SSH into gnome-boxes VM's
- [ ] **fedy**: install fedy
- [ ] **graphics**: install proprietary graphic drivers

###Server-specific:

- [ ] **epel**: install the EPEL repo

Commit message:

Add instructions on how to run the playbook without an inventory file

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles (and more) provisioned by ansible

If you know what dotfiles are and what ansible is, you should pretty much
understand what this repository does.   But if that is not the case:

> This repository provides a one-command way to setup and configure to your
> liking a brand new machine.

To be more specific: this repo allows to configure a machine the way _I_ like
it.  Unless you happen to have exactly the same tastes and preferences that I
do, you _will_ need to create your own ansible roles / tweak mines.


## How to run it

```sh
ansible-playbook workstation.yml -i <your-host-name-or-ip-here>, --ask-pass
```

## What it does

Since I use Fedora as a workstation and the servers I need to work on are
CentOS, this ansible playbooks relies heavily on RPM's.

Currently there are two playbooks: **server** and **workstation**.  _Server_
only set console environment, and preferences / plugins for CLI commands;
_workstation_ is almost a superset of _server_ and install a number of software
for the Gnome3 shell as well.


## Dependencies

Apart from having ansible installed on the machine you run this playbooks from,
and your user being a sudoer on the target machine... none.


## Available roles

I wrote this as the first file of the repository, and I am checking roles as
the work progresses...

###General:

- [X] **ansible-runner**: make sure sshpass is installed
- [ ] **ansible-target**: make sure python binding for selinux are installed
- [ ] **remote**: set up SSH to work without requiring a password
- [ ] **colemak-user**: set the colemak as default layout for the user
- [ ] **colemak-host**: set colemak as the default layout for the machine
- [ ] **zsh**: install and set up ZSH as the default shell for user
- [ ] **antigen**: install antigen and the preference files
- [ ] **vim**: vim settings, plugins, etc...
- [ ] **git**: git settings, plugins, etc...
- [X] **ansible-util**: small ansible utils

###Workstation-specific:

- [ ] **fusion**: install the fusion repo
- [ ] **boxes-util**: install a small utility for SSH into gnome-boxes VM's
- [ ] **fedy**: install fedy
- [ ] **graphics**: install proprietary graphic drivers

###Server-specific:

- [ ] **epel**: install the EPEL repo
